---
toc: true
comments: False
layout: post
title: Notes CB
description: Notes
type: tangibles
courses: { compsci: {week: 6} }
---
1. Program with Output: This program will use a print statement to display a message or value to the user or console.

2. Program with Input and Output: This program will take user input using an input statement, process the input, and then output the result using a print statement.

3. Program with a List: This program will create a list of values or items and then manipulate that list using built-in list methods such as append, insert, and pop.

4. Program with a Dictionary: This program will create a dictionary object with key-value pairs. It will then manipulate the dictionary using built-in dictionary methods such as update, pop, and clear.

5. Program with Iteration: This program will use a loop to iterate over a list or dictionary and perform some operation on each item or key-value pair.

6. Program with a Function to perform mathematical and/or statistical calculations: This program will define a function that accepts one or more arguments and then performs mathematical or statistical calculations on those arguments. The function will then return the result.

7. Program with a Selection/Condition: This program will use a conditional statement (if, elif, else) to perform different operations depending on the value of a given variable or input.

8. Program with Purpose: This program will be designed with a specific purpose or problem in mind, and will use one or more of the above programming concepts to address that purpose or problem.